{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green46\blue49;\red0\green61\blue204;\red26\green26\blue26;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14400\viewh17940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Josafat Solis\
@jass\
jass1973@yahoo.com\
\
Step 1: Define Your Audience/Tone\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\i\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\i0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Who will visit your site? What value does your website offer to its visitors?\
\
This is the new era of inventing / re-inventing everything. \'a0The new 1900 when everything was about being created . . . and there is a vast amount of creative people out there working in non-creative jobs or environments, with big dreams and potential but suffering of lack of guidance. I am talking (engineers, inventors, creatives from ad agencies, strategists, developers) with the need to have a creative way to express and materialize their ideas or to have ideas that can be materialized when their resources and brains can't produce anything else. \'a0They need ideas and/or prototypes. \'a0Sometimes both.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\i\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\i0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What value does your website offer to its visitors?\
\'95\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0The solution they've been looking for to materialize their ideas or co-create new ones.\
\'95\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0Interesting con
\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Step 1: Define Your Audience/Tone\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Who will visit your site? What value does your website offer to its visitors?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl1
\i \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Clients seeking graphic design services. The value of this site for visitors is to easily explore my portfolio and its many different projects. Visitors can also view my CV/Resume to learn about my work experiences, access my social media platforms, and contact me directly for business opportunities. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0
\i0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What information has to be presented to your consumers to allow them to purchase your goods or services?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\i \cf3 Visual representations of my work with interactive elements that allow users to explore each project beyond the main page of listings.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}My contact information must be available to give customers ability to reach me with business inquiries 
\i0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What can make you and/or your restaurant/business stand out against your competitors?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\i \cf3 I am new to the working world BUT I have an extensive portfolio and I am always trying to expand my skill sets in order to offer a variety of design services\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I am an extremely fast worker and involve the client each step of the way
\i0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How are your food or other products represented digitally?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\i \cf3 Photographs of product mockups, website design screenshots and links, embedded videos, using behance.net portfolio management application 
\i0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What colors represent your restaurant/business?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\i \cf3 Primarily dark charcoal (almost black), white, and gray\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl2\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\i0\fs22 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
#CADFF5\
\ls1\ilvl2
\f0\i\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\i0\fs22 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
#98A3B0\
\ls1\ilvl2
\f0\i\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\i0\fs22 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
#262A2E\
\ls1\ilvl2
\f0\i\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\i0\fs22 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
#30353B\
\ls1\ilvl2
\f0\i\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\i0\fs22 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
#505861\
\ls1\ilvl2
\f0\i\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\f1\i0\fs22 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
#FFFFFF
\f0\i\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl360\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I LOVE color, however, I often change which color I like most on a given day. SO, I use neutrals as my foundation and integrate hints of color as I see fit. LOVE BLUE and ORANGE always, but I decided that colors hold too much meaning at times and I did not want to limit my brand identity to a certain personality.
\i0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
tent that shows through a deconstruction process, how big ideas are created.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\i\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\i0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What information has to be presented to your consumers to allow them to purchase your goods or services?\
\'95\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0The types of projects we can handle/develop (by capacity and philosophy).\
\'95\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0Projects already developed.\
\'95\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0Contact info.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\i\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\i0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
What can make you and/or your restaurant/business stand out against your competitors?\
Similar services are focused on the design portion, the developing portion without adding three important components: strategic-creative-effectiveness so to stand up against competitors:\
\'95\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0Creative understanding of creative initiatives\
\'95\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0Strategic focus on developing prototypes that will convince their potential sponsors / clients.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\i\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\i0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How are your food or other products represented digitally?\
By sketches, pics, videos.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\i\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\i0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What colors represent your business?\
E9F0FF (Silver), 31269E (blue), FF9250 (orange) FFFFFF (white)}